Technical explanation:
php artisan config:cache - takes all the configuration files and caches them into one file,
which is loaded quickly by the framework.

Use when?
1. After changing any configuration file, you should run this command to cache the configuration files.
2. When you deploy your application to a server, you should run this command to cache the configuration files.
3. When you install a new package, you should run this command to cache the configuration files.
4. When you update the .env file, you should run this command to cache the configuration files.
5. When you update the composer.json file, you should run this command to cache the configuration files.


php artisan make:migration create_table_name_table - use to create a new migration file.
It generates a new migration file.

Use when?
1. When you want to create a new migration file, you should run this command.
2. When you want to create a new table, you should run this command.
3. When you want to add a new column to the table, you should run this command.
4. When you want to modify the column of the table, you should run this command.
5. When you want to drop the column of the table, you should run this command.


php artisan db:seed - use to seed the database particularly the users table with the default user. It generates
a default user with the email and password specified in the UserTableSeeder.php file.

Use when?
1. After migrating the database, you should run this command to seed the database with the default user.
2. When you want to seed the database with the default user, you should run this command.



php artisan migrate:refresh - use to rollback all the migrations and then migrate the database again. It is useful
when you want to reset the database and start from scratch.

Use when?
1. When you want to truncate the table and then migrate the database again, you should run this command.
2. When you want to reset the database and start from scratch, you should run this command.



php artisan migrate:refresh --seed - use to rollback all the migrations, migrate the database again, and then seed the
database with the default user. It is useful when you want to reset the database and start from scratch.

Use when?
1. When you want to truncate the table, migrate the database again, and then seed the database with the default user,
you should run this command.



php artisan make:model ModelName - use to create a new model. It generates a new model file in the app/Models directory.
It uses Eloquent ORM to interact with the database.

Use when?
1. When you want to create a new model, you should run this command.
2. When you want to create a new model with the migration file, you should run this command.
3. When you want to create a new model with the factory file, you should run this command.
4. When you want to create a new model with the seeder file, you should run this command.



php artisan serve - use to start the development server. It starts the development server at http://127.0.0.1:8000.

Use when?
1. When you want to access the application in the browser, you should run this command.
2. When you want to test the application, you should run this command.



Migration - is a way to define the structure of the database. It is a file that contains the schema of the database.
Seeder - populates the database with the default data. It is a file that contains the default data of the database.


php artisan make:factory FactoryName - use to create a new factory. It generates a new factory file in the database/factories

Use when?
1. When you want to create a new factory, you should run this command.
2. When you want to create a new factory with the model file, you should run this command.
3. When you want to create a new factory with the seeder file, you should run this command.


php artisan key:generate - use to generate a new application key. It generates a new application key in the .env file.
Note: Create a new .env file by copying the .env.example file and then run this command.

Use when?
1. When you want to generate a new application key, you should run this command.
2. When you want to update the application key, you should run this command.
3. When you want to reset the application key, you should run this command.

php artisan make:controller ControllerName - use to create a new controller.
It generates a new controller file in the app/Http/Controllers directory.

Use when?
1. When you want to create a new controller, you should run this command.
2. When you want to create a new controller with the model file, you should run this command.
3. When you want to create a new controller with the factory file, you should run this command.
4. When you want to create a new controller with the seeder file, you should run this command.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Layman's term explanation:
php artisan config:cache - This command is like a librarian who gathers all the books (configuration files) in a library
(your Laravel application) and combines them into a single book (a cache file). This makes it quicker and easier for the
librarian (Laravel) to find the information it needs.

php artisan make:migration create_table_name_table - This command is like a blueprint maker. It creates a blueprint
(migration file) for a new building (database table). The blueprint describes how the building should be constructed.

php artisan db:seed - This command is like a gardener planting seeds (data) in a garden (database). The seeds grow into
plants (data entries) that can be used for various purposes.

php artisan migrate:refresh - This command is like a demolition crew and a construction crew in one. It first demolishes
 all the buildings (database tables) and then rebuilds them according to the blueprints (migration files).

php artisan migrate:refresh --seed - This command is like a demolition crew, a construction crew, and a gardener in one.
It demolishes all the buildings (database tables), rebuilds them, and then plants seeds (data) in the new buildings.

php artisan make:model ModelName - This command is like a sculptor. It creates a new sculpture (model) that represents
a real-world object or concept in your application.

php artisan serve - This command is like opening the doors to a shop. It starts the server, allowing people (users)
to visit your application.

php artisan make:factory FactoryName - This command is like a factory that produces products. It creates a new factory
file that can be used to generate data for your application.

php artisan key:generate - This command is like a locksmith. It creates a new key (application key) that can be used
to unlock the doors of your application.

php artisan make:controller ControllerName - This command is like a chef. It creates a new chef (controller) that can
prepare and serve different dishes (responses) to the customers (users).

Migration - This is like a blueprint for a building. It describes how a database table should be constructed.
Seeder - This is like a packet of seeds. It contains data that can be planted in a database.
Rollback - This is like undoing a change. It reverts the database to a previous state.
Refresh - This is like starting over. It reverts the database to its original state and then applies all the migrations again.
Factory - This is like a machine that produces products. It generates data for your application.
